hey I'll be bridges 100 here well update
on the Spyderco bird Caracara to FR
inversion that i received if you watch
that video one of my unboxing you saw it
there were some issues with it right out
of bat right out of the box out of the
bat what the heck does that mean off the
bat right off the bat I think is the
term I was trying to say anyhow as soon
as I got it I noticed that it had a bit
when I say a bit I mean quite a bit of
up and down blade play and some bad
grind marks left on the blade I emailed
spider COEs customer service twice it's
been over a week and I haven't heard a
thing back so I mean I know it might
sound ridiculous you know a twenty
dollar bird knife suck it up you know
consider it a loss but I mean anytime I
purchase anything I feel like especially
when it comes from a company like
Spyderco and it's got a warranty I feel
like I am entitled to you know get what
I paid for
so anyhow here's uh so that's that I
mean I did email them in I didn't get
the response I mean I don't know I could
try calling on my guests but I don't
know if I'd get a response then either
so I've just kind of said whatever you
know probably the last bird knife I will
purchase at least in the FRN maybe it's
maybe has to do with the with the
materials I don't know but I I can show
you why there was the blade play I did
actually take the one head and took that
off so you could see the lock up inside
the inner workings you can see all right
here's the torsion bar and I don't know
if you can tell but there's a little bit
of space right here that bar
can move up and down which that that
certainly plays its part in this but
another bit you can see right here where
the lockup is that just doesn't seat in
there well at all I mean not even not
even almost it's really pretty far off I
mean I don't know that that would cause
the blade to collapse on me well while
using it but I'm certainly not
comfortable with using it for anything
in any hard use because of that if y'all
can see that gap like my camera it turns
out will not autofocus I looked it up
it's a fixed focus camera so that sucks
I had to get a new camera which I don't
have money for right now but I'll work
on that
so anyway really nothing I can do I mean
I thought about possibly trying to shave
that bit of the lock bar down right here
it's just so I could maybe get it to fit
in there right but either way it's gonna
there's going to be a gap in there so
there's just no way to get rid of the
blade play if you guys know a way please
let me know please let me know something
I can do because I mean aside from that
excuse me aside from the that blade play
I don't care so much about the grind
marks on the blade it was a little bit
of a little bit of a I don't know
irritant I guess but the biggest thing
was the blade place so if you guys know
anything I can do to fix that please let
me know otherwise there's an update just
to let you know what's going on with it
and yeah we'll see we'll see if I end up
purchasing any more bird knives I'm not
I'm just not not too sure because the
problem my problem now is I feel like if
I do purchase more and have a problem
with it
there's nobody I can really contact
about it you know so maybe I'll just
stick with the higher end knives that
there's the I'll still buy from Spyderco
I still love Spyderco knives maybe I'll
just stick with the you know the
higher-end knives so anyway guys let me
know if anyone has a fix for that and
we're if not let me know if anyone else
has the same issue or if there's
something that you may have done to get
Spyder to customer service to help you
out or something anything really all
right guys that's it that's my video
holla I'll let you go thanks for
watching until next time y'all take it
easy